update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-progress-bar-display-server-process-progress: Readme.md

# Progress Bar for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to use the WebMethod attribute to display the progress of a server-side process on the client
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/t156786/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> This example demonstrates how to use the [WebMethod](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/visualstudio/visual-studio-2008/byxd99hx(v=vs.90)?redirectedfrom=MSDN) attribute to get information about the current progress from the server and display in on the client without refreshing the whole page. To enable this functionality, use the *jQuery library* or *ScriptManager* pages.

Reviewer: 1. Please change "display in on the client" to "display **it** on the client".

2. When you say "*ScriptManager* pages", are you referring to a web page that includes the ScriptManager control? If so, then should it be "*ScriptManager* **page**"?

Author: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to use the [WebMethod](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/visualstudio/visual-studio-2008/byxd99hx(v=vs.90)?redirectedfrom=MSDN) attribute to get information about the current progress from the server and display it on the client without refreshing the whole page. To enable this functionality, use the *jQuery library* or *ScriptManager* page.
```

![Use WebMethods to display the server-side process](WebMethodToTrackProgress.png)

## Overview

Add the WebMethods attribute to the **BasePage** class as follows:

```cs
[WebMethod(EnableSession = true)]
```

> For the jQuery approach, sent a `POST` request to the WebMethod:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the jQuery approach, send a `POST` request to the WebMethod:
```

}
```

> For the ScriptManager approach, call the `StartOperation` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the ScriptManager technique, call the `StartOperation` method:
```

```js
function callbackStart(s, e) {
    // ...
    PageMethods.StartOperation();
    // ...
}
```

## Files to Review

* [BasePage.cs](./CS/App_Code/BasePage.cs) (VB: [BasePage.vb](./VB/App_Code/BasePage.vb))
* [Operation.cs](./CS/App_Code/Operation.cs) (VB: [Operation.vb](./VB/App_Code/Operation.vb))
* [Default.aspx](./CS/Default.aspx) (VB: [Default.aspx](./VB/Default.aspx))
* [Default.aspx.cs](./CS/Default.aspx.cs) (VB: [Default.aspx.vb](./VB/Default.aspx.vb))
* [jQuery.aspx](./CS/jQuery.aspx) (VB: [jQuery.aspx](./VB/jQuery.aspx))
* [jQuery.aspx.cs](./CS/jQuery.aspx.cs) (VB: [jQuery.aspx.vb](./VB/jQuery.aspx.vb))
* [ScriptManager.aspx](./CS/ScriptManager.aspx) (VB: [ScriptManager.aspx](./VB/ScriptManager.aspx))
* [ScriptManager.aspx.cs](./CS/ScriptManager.aspx.cs) (VB: [ScriptManager.aspx.vb](./VB/ScriptManager.aspx.vb))

## Documentation

> * [Hot to call WebMethods](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9854006/how-to-call-webmethod)

Reviewer: We should update this link title to match the Stack Overflow article:

```suggestion
* [How to call WebMethod?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9854006/how-to-call-webmethod)
```
